[Maintenance] Update dependencies Symfony/password-hasher (#13358)
Sylius/Sylius: CONFLICTS.md

This document explains why certain conflicts were added to `composer.json` and
references related issues.

- `symfony/password-hasher": "^6.0`:

>    Symfony in version 5.3 change password hashing logic, and in version 6.0 they removed BC layer

Reviewer: I'm going to try and reword this a little bit to better explain the actual reason for conflict here.  Also, I'm not quite sure if the conflict should actually be against the Password Hasher component or the Security-Core component (or both) as Sylius is dependent on the API from the Security-Core component and not yet aware of the Password Hasher component.

```suggestion
   In Symfony 5.3, the Password Hasher component was introduced and extracted the password encoders out of the Security-Core component.  In 6.0, the B/C layer is removed.
```
